after analyzing the
one-handed backhand this week
will still point the spotlight on one of
those shots that if used correctly
may prove to be one of the most lethal weapons
on the tennis court
we are very lucky on atp
world tour still to be able to count
on the help of a former number 6 of the world e
winner of ten tests of the
circuit facts b first and foremost
textures will disavow some of the
accompanying clichés
performing a French want me
of the French most important thing
I think it's understanding that it's not about
hit and stop on contact
if you ask a boxing instructor or
karate and they will tell you that any
coup led to the end no
you have to hit and stop you lose
all the power
we must instead prepare the blow very much
before the ball arrives otherwise
you risk not collecting
sufficient energy but simple mission
let me show you some shots like that
understand what I'm talking about the Rhine
ok ok justin
let's say you have to hit one
molecule the right to load the
blow you need to get your hands here
in front when you have finished wearing it
see how the racket remains open
to the sky
this allows you to cross the
blow to bring it better and without losing
rhythm and strong movement instead of
what happens and stopping at contact with
the ball
you lose all your speed you see it
it ends here but you have to close the shot
race sentences if you observe latex stepanek
mardy fish that are among the best
net players you will find that
they close all their wanting not
they would never risk to suffer a
passer was gold and pitch or perfect
justin so we don't just have to
hit the ball but also
accompany it to get it right
wanted elliot thanks for having
highlighted my mistake